[docs] Load A1111 LoRA (#3629)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/other-formats.mdx

```py
from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline, UniPCMultistepScheduler
import torch

pipeline = DiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained(
    "andite/anything-v4.0", torch_dtype=torch.float16, safety_checker=None
).to("cuda")
pipeline.scheduler = UniPCMultistepScheduler.from_config(pipeline.scheduler.config)
```

Download a LoRA checkpoint from Civitai; this example uses the [Howls Moving Castle,Interior/Scenery LoRA (Ghibli Stlye)](https://civitai.com/models/14605?modelVersionId=19998) checkpoint, but feel free to try out any LoRA checkpoint!

```bash
!wget https://civitai.com/api/download/models/19998 -O howls_moving_castle.safetensors
```

Load the LoRA checkpoint into the pipeline with the [`~LoraLoaderMixin.load_lora_weights`] method:

```py

> pipeline.load_lora_weights(".", weight_name="howls_moving_castle.safetensors")

Reviewer: Also, possible directly load like:

```py
lora_model_id = "sayakpaul/civitai-light-shadow-lora"
lora_filename = "light_and_shadow.safetensors"
pipeline.load_lora_weights(lora_model_id, weight_name=lora_filename)
```

C.f.: https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/en/training/lora#supporting-a1111-themed-lora-checkpoints-from-diffusers

```

Now you can use the pipeline to generate images:

```py
prompt = "masterpiece, illustration, ultra-detailed, cityscape, san francisco, golden gate bridge, california, bay area, in the snow, beautiful detailed starry sky"
negative_prompt = "lowres, cropped, worst quality, low quality, normal quality, artifacts, signature, watermark, username, blurry, more than one bridge, bad architecture"

images = pipeline(
    prompt=prompt,
    negative_prompt=negative_prompt,
    width=512,
    height=512,
    num_inference_steps=25,
    num_images_per_prompt=4,
    generator=torch.manual_seed(0),
).images
```

Finally, create a helper function to display the images:

```py
from PIL import Image

def image_grid(imgs, rows=2, cols=2):
    w, h = imgs[0].size
    grid = Image.new("RGB", size=(cols * w, rows * h))

    for i, img in enumerate(imgs):
        grid.paste(img, box=(i % cols * w, i // cols * h))
    return grid

image_grid(images)
```

<div class="flex justify-center">

>     <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/diffusers/a1111-lora-sf.png"/>

Reviewer: The picture is amazing 💘 

I also included a with and with LoRA comparison [here](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/en/training/lora#supporting-a1111-themed-lora-checkpoints-from-diffusers).

placeholder_token = "<my-funny-cat-token>"
prompt = f"two {placeholder_token} getting married, photorealistic, high quality"
image = pipeline(prompt, num_inference_steps=50).images[0]
```

## A1111 LoRA files

> [Automatic1111](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui) (A1111) is a popular web UI for Stable Diffusion that supports model sharing platforms like [Civitai](https://civitai.com/). Models trained with the Low-Rank Adaptation (LoRA) technique are especially popular because they're fast to train and have a much smaller file size than a fully finetuned model. However, A111 LoRA files are formatted differently from the LoRA file format used by 🤗 Diffusers, which means you'll need to use the [`~LoraLoaderMixin.load_lora_weights`] to load A111 LoRA files.

Reviewer 2: nits
```suggestion
[Automatic1111](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui) (A1111) is a popular web UI for Stable Diffusion that supports model sharing platforms like [Civitai](https://civitai.com/). Models trained with the Low-Rank Adaptation (LoRA) technique are especially popular because they're fast to train and have a much smaller file size than a fully finetuned model. However, A1111 LoRA files are formatted differently from the LoRA file format used by 🤗 Diffusers, which means you'll need to use the [`~LoraLoaderMixin.load_lora_weights`] to load A1111 LoRA files.
```

Reviewer 2: >However, A111 LoRA files are formatted differently from the LoRA file format used by 🤗 Diffusers, which means you'll need to use the [`~LoraLoaderMixin.load_lora_weights`] to load A111 LoRA files.

For this part, `LoraLoaderMixin.load_lora_weights` can be used with the Diffusers' LoRA format as well, so how about explaining it a bit more logically like this?

```suggestion
[Automatic1111](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui) (A1111) is a popular web UI for Stable Diffusion that supports model sharing platforms like [Civitai](https://civitai.com/). Models trained with the Low-Rank Adaptation (LoRA) technique are especially popular because they're fast to train and have a much smaller file size than a fully finetuned model. 🤗 Diffusers now supports the loading of A1111 LoRA, so you can load it using [~LoraLoaderMixin.load_lora_weights].
```
